This one is over.
Calm down
You're wrong about one thing.
poison
The father ate it himself
Father knows better than anyone
The Qi family could not support Jingzhou in this disaster
But he did it for you
He is reluctant
He doesn't want you to be sad
Father won't kill you
Neither would I.
Will keep you safe for the rest of your life
Even if I promised my father
Wait a minute Ye Xuan
Tell me.
What makes you so sure?
Convincing Emperor Fude to do this for you
I'm not sure.
I was gambling that day too
I bet
It's his conscience.
He still cares about his Qinzhou country
You do
Born to be an emperor
So that's where the poison came from
Then why is that letter genuine?
After General Qin's rebellion 13 years ago
Successor Wu once wrote a letter to the concubine
It's just that he hasn't seen it yet
The plot was executed
This letter?
Come to me
If you change the time, it will become an authentic work. Soga
What does Soga mean?
Hmm, it's not important.
The father of the concubine was really going to rebel back then
Then why has the inheritance never been mentioned to anyone else?
Because he dare not
After Qin Mo's reaction case
This matter was soon known by the father's ambiguity
Rebellion is the sin of the nine clans
But in order to protect the concubine
Choose to execute a mastermind in secret
The matter was suppressed
Ji Chengwu officially participated in it
And he dodged a bullet.
You say
Is he afraid?
Got it, third brother
Otherwise
Touch my head too
In fact, I also did a good thing
I'm still waiting for you to praise me
It's getting late.
Go back and rest, third brother